- Hey, Josie.
A strawberry smoothie for me,
and for my little
furry friend here,
a can of your finest meat.
- [barking]
- Make that two cans.
- Aw, look who got
a new dog tag.
So you guys finally agreed
on a name?
- Yep. My brothers
just don't know it yet.
- Won't they notice?
- Please, they never notice
anything.
- I notice something.
- I notice it too.
- Me too.
Mom and Dad totally redid
the cafe.
- We're talking
about the dog tag.
It better say
his name is, "Chip."
- You mean, "Tiny Elvis."
- The tag should say, "Gary."
- Too late, fellas.
The tag has spoken.
His name is, "Squishy Paws."
- No, it's not.
[all arguing]
- Guys!
Guys!
All your arguing
is upsetting him.
Look, he's even doing
his sad-tail thing.
- Josie's right.
All this arguing
is upsetting...
Chip!
[all arguing]
- So...
I hear we have a petty thief
making his way around town.
Let me tell you,
Mr. Boulder Bandit.
You better think twice
before you hit my store,
'cause I've got eyes...
in the sky.
- Hey, Tom?
Were you expecting
a T-shirt delivery?
- I'll ask the questions
around here.
And, yes.
Yes, I was.
Does it look a little something
like this?
- Uh, no, they look
a little more like this.
- What? No, no!
I sent them the picture
of me wearing the T-shirt
as an example.
They weren't supposed to put me
on the shirt.
- Well, I guess
you could just return them.
- [clears throat]
Hoo, wow.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You did make sure they had
a return policy
before you ordered
6,000, right?
- I told you...
I'll ask the questions
around here.
Now, if you'll excuse me...
I-I'm going to go call
and ask that question.
[all arguing]
- [barks]
[barking]
- [screaming]
Get him off!
- He caught the Boulder Bandit.
Squishy Paws is a hero!
- Chip's a hero!
- Good job, Tiny Elvis.
- The hero is Gary!
[all cheering]
- Well, looks
like someone's having a...
"ruff" day.
[screaming]
- [barking]
- Ah! Ah!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- [whistling melody]
[rhythmic clapping]
- ♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
- [whistling melody]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na-na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na,
na-na ♪
- ♪ One, two ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na ♪
- ♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
- Squishy, before you watch
yourself on the news, look!
Someone sent you
a dozen long-stemmed "boneses."
- He sure doesn't have
sad tail now.
Eat up, little hero.
- I can't believe the Harpers
are going to be on TV.
- And I can't believe I'm here
with a celebrity.
- I'm just a boy
from Boulder, Liv.
- Oh, I just want
to snuggle him.
- Ladies, ladies,
tonight was supposed to be
about the dog.
- Anne, our T-shirt problems
are solved.
- Oh, they took them back?
- Better--
I went to a different shop
and made these.
What do you have
to say now, Anne?
- Oh, Tom.
- [gasps]
It's coming on!
- Oh!
- Veronica Miller,
Channel 6 News,
moments after the Boulder Bandit
was apprehended.
But the real story is, by whom.
Would you believe
this underdog?
- [barks]
- Oh.
[all clapping]
- I know him!
Aw, I know him!
- But the story
doesn't end there.
Turns out the owners
of this hero dog
are none other than
the Harper quadruplets.
- I know them!
I know them!
- Remember that quad-orable
little foursome?
- Aww.
- They were the pride
of Boulder--
so sweet and cuddly.
How did it go
so horribly wrong?
- Nicky,
Ricky,
Dicky,
and Dawn.
- What's happening?
- Watch what happened when
I asked them a simple question.
It was nothing short of a...
quad-tastrophe.
So tell us, what is the name
of this courageous dog?
- It's Squishy Paws!
- No, Veronica, it's Chip.
- Don't listen to them.
It's Tiny Elvis.
- The dog is a Gary.
[all arguing]
- One dog, four names.
The Harper kids have gone
from quad-orable...
[echoing]
to quad-horrible.
But the one
who suffers most here
shall remain...
nameless.
- She made us look
like animals.
- Who can't take care
of animals.
- Come on,
we didn't look that bad.
Right, guys?
- Uh, I've got to go return
a library book.
- I have to buy envelopes.
- Oh, I'm just uncomfortable.
- Relax, it's only
a few friends.
[all murmuring disapprovingly]
Relax, it's only a store full
of customers.
- It's not just them.
You've gone viral.
Everyone's calling you
"The Horrible Harpers."
- Is that a lot of hits?
18 comma 0, 0, 0, comma,
0, 0--
- Yes, Dicky, it's a lot.
- Maybe Dad should be selling
"Horrible Harper" T-shirts.
- Step right up, folks!
Get your "hero dog" T-shirts.
[chuckles] Be the first person
on your block to buy one.
Be the first person
at your school to buy one.
- Or just be the first person
to buy one.
- Why aren't they buying them?
- Because we're
the horrible parents
of The Horrible Harpers.
- We're the horrible kids
of the horrible parents
of The Horrible Harpers.
- You could've just said
we're The Horrible Harpers.
- And we could've just called
the dog Tiny Elvis!
- Gary!
- Chip!
- Hold on!
If a news story got us
into this,
maybe a different one
could get us out.
"Quaddle" up.
Actually, that was the plan,
sorry for the false "quaddle."
- Okay, this better be good.
What's the big juicy story
you called me down here for?
- We want you to do
another segment on us
so we can be
The Quad-orable Harpers again.
- We're not bad dog owners.
- Yeah, we adopted him
from the pound.
That's good, right?
- Wow.
I just took an open-eyed nap.
Sorry, kids, but that's not
newsworthy.
That's snooze-worthy.
Veronica Miller,
Channel 6 News.
- Wait.
We shouldn't be punished
just because we couldn't decide
between Chip, Gary,
Squishy Paws, and Tiny Elvis.
- His name is none
of those ridiculous things.
It's Lord Timothy.
All:
"Lord Timothy"?
- Who are you?
- I am the dog's
rightful owner,
and I've come to retrieve him
from The Horrible Harpers.
- Now, that's newsworthy.
Okay.
Veronica Miller,
Channel 6 News.
Hero dog update.
Someone
has just stepped forward
claiming to be
his rightful owner.
Your name?
- Eleanor Dumont.
Lord Timothy
disappeared after a fire
at my country home
during the high lake season.
So you can imagine my surprise
when I saw him
on your news program.
- She's lying!
- [gasps]
- Yeah, she just wants
our hero dog.
- Hey, everybody calm down.
We'll handle this.
- I'm sorry, ma'am, but you
can't just walk out of here
with our kids' dog.
But you can walk out of here
with his adorable face
on this handsome T-shirt!
- Naturally, I have come
with the appropriate
documentation.
- Paperwork, really?
Anyone can fake paperwork.
- Yeah.
I fake paperwork all the time.
I'm not
an actual real estate agent.
I just use my fake card
to impress the ladies.
- You spelled "real"
and "estate" incorrectly.
- But I spelled
my number right.
Call me.
- If you're really his owner,
then what does the birthmark
on his stomach look like?
- The Mona Lisa.
- She's right.
- Of course I'm right.
- Kids, I'm sorry, but he does
seem to be her dog.
- Of course he's my dog.
- Lord Timothy!
Andiamo!
- He's fluent in Italian.
Oh, I can't thank
you children enough.
If it hadn't been
for your bickering,
I never would have seen
Lord Timothy on the news,
and he wouldn't be going home
with me right now.
Ta.
- Well, there you have it.
Guess every dog
does have his day.
- [laughs]
That was good.
- Veronica Miller,
Channel 6 News.
Huh, turned out to be big
and juicy after all.
Ta.
- Now I know
what sad tail feels like.
- I miss petting Chip.
- I miss playing
with Tiny Elvis.
- [whimpering]
- Guys! Help!
Does--does any of this match?
Squishy used
to help me get dressed.
One bark meant,
"You are rocking that."
two meant,
"Total fashion disaster."
- In that case,
woof, woof.
- I knew it.
I'm lost without him.
- Hey, guys.
Tough morning?
- We really miss the dog, Dad.
- Yeah, it's not the same
without him.
- I wish we hadn't fought
so much.
- Look, I know this is hard,
but you got to figure out a way
to put the dog
out of your mind.
Now, I'm not going
to hound you, but--
- "Hound"?
Too soon, Dad.
- Sorry, kiddo.
It just slipped out.
I'm gonna fetch you up
some "barkfast."
Breakfast.
It's the leash I can do.
Wow!
What is wrong with me?
Who wants beagles?
Bagels!
Doggone it.
Ah!
I'm just going to walk out
with my tail between my legs.
Stop it!
"Fleas" forgive me!
I said "fleas"!
Bad Tom! Bad Tom!
- Oh, hey. Care to explain
our new bath towels, Tom?
- Oh, well, I figured why take
a bath on the shirts when we can
take a bath with the shirts.
See where you see failure,
I see opportunity.
- Well, at least it wasn't
a bedspread or curtains.
Ugh.
Bad Tom. Bad Tom.
- Maybe it will help take
our minds off the dog
if we watch TV.
- Veronica Miller,
Channel 6 News.
Hero dog update.
- Not cool, TV.
- At least we get
to see him again.
- We're here
at the Dumont Mansion
checking in with Lord Timothy
after his rescue
from The Horrible Harpers.
And rest assured,
our hero dog is now living
the life of luxury
he so richly deserves.
- Hey, look,
he has his sad tail.
- And there.
- Maybe he misses us
as much as we miss him.
- We need to visit him
and try to cheer him up.
- She lives by the golf course
in Boulderly Hills.
We can walk there.
- Let's go.
- Boulderly Hills
is pretty fancy.
You sure you want to go out
looking all "woof, woof"?
- Just let's go.
[doorbell rings]
- Oh.
Well, if it isn't
Nicky, Ricky, Dicky,
and the one that doesn't rhyme.
- Hi. We're sorry
to bother you.
We were wondering
if we could visit Lord Timothy?
- Very well.
Walk this way.
Wait in here while I inform
Ms. Dumont of your visit.
- This place is awesome.
At least Tiny Elvis
is living large.
- Wow.
Guess she really likes dogs.
- Guys?
Why would Ms. Dumont have
a dog fur on the wall?
- And a dog skeleton?
- And a doggie cookbook?
- Aah!
The horror!
Ah, there he is.
- Ms. Dumont is a real-life
Cruella de Vil.
- She's gonna turn Chip
into a fur coat.
- And then she's going to serve
Gary for dinner.
- Someone's coming.
Act normal.
- Presenting Lord Timothy,
fresh from the bath.
- Squishy Paws.
- Chip.
- Tiny Elvis.
- Gary.
- Ms. Dumont is granting you
five minutes alone.
- [barking]
- I know,
I'm a total fashion disaster.
"Quaddle" up!
- Wait.
Is the a real "quaddle"?
- Because "quaddle" me once...
- Just get in here.
We need to sneak Squishy Paws
out of here
before he ends up on a wall.
- Or on a menu.
- Where do you think you're
going with Lord Timothy?
All: Aah!
- She's a butcher!
- Stop them!
All: Aah!
- He's a butler!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
All: Aah!
- Study!
- We need to find a way
out of here.
- Squishy, do you know a way?
- [barks]
- Sweet, Tiny Elvis.
- Come on, come on.
Go, go, go, go.
- Whoa.
- Yes!
We did it.
We saved him.
All: Aah!
- How did she get here?
- I bet the butler did it!
- I did.
I drove her here.
- What were you kids thinking?
You can't just take her dog.
- She was going to turn
Squishy Paws into a fur coat.
- Oh, come on, he's barely big
enough for a vest.
Earmuffs, maybe.
- It's true, Dad!
She has dog furs
and dog skeletons at her house!
- And a dog cookbook!
She was gonna make mutt-loaf
out of Gary.
- And she was dressed like
a butcher.
- Oh. I was only dressed
that way
because I was bathing
Lord Timothy.
- Then what about your little
doggy chamber of doom?
- I can see why you might think
these things.
But I would never hurt a dog.
I am a canine historian.
And the things that you saw
were ancient artifacts--
wolf pelts worn by hunters,
the skeleton
of an extinct species,
and a cookbook of recipes
made for dogs,
not out of dogs.
- I think you kids owe
Ms. Dumont an apology.
- Do we? Do we?
- Pretty sure we do, Dicky.
- Oh.
Then sorry, Ms. Dumont.
- Yeah, we're really sorry.
- It's all right.
I know that you were just
looking out
for Lord Timothy's welfare.
And as much as it pains me,
it's time to say good-bye.
- Guess this is it,
Squishy Paws.
- Good-bye, Chip.
- I'm gonna miss you, Gary.
- High paw, Tiny Elvis.
- I meant it's time for me
to say good-bye.
All: What?
- When I first saw
the news report,
I thought that you didn't care
about him.
But when you thought
that he was in danger
and you risked so much
to save him,
well, now I know
that I was wrong.
And judging
from his happy tail,
he cares about you too.
This is his new home now.
- Yes.
- Thank you so much, Ms. Dumont!
- Thank you!
- Thank you so much!
- Yes!
- Thank you, Ms. Dumont.
- Oh, you're so welcome.
- I'm really sorry I poked
holes in your painting.
- What?
- Nothing.
- We promise to give
this little guy a good home.
- Oh.
- Maybe we should start
by finally agreeing on his name.
- And no fighting this time.
- How are we gonna do that?
- Veronica Miller,
Channel 6 News,
reporting live
on the final chapter
in our hero dog story.
Yesterday the quibbling quads
couldn't decide on a name.
But today they came to a...
Quad-promise.
They will let the dog decide!
Five bowls, five names,
one decision.
- Okay, buddy.
Go pick your name!
[cheers and applause]
- Ladies and gentlemen,
presenting...
All: Squishy Paws!
[cheers and applause]
- [barks]
♪ ♪
[whistling melody]
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ ♪
- [cheerful melody]
- ♪